docs: tagline updates (#7340)
confluentinc/ksql: README.md

# ![KSQL rocket](ksql-rocket.png) ksqlDB

### The database purpose-built for stream processing applications

# Overview

> ksqlDB is a database for building stream processing applications ontop of Apache Kafka. It is **distributed**, **scalable**, **reliable**, and **real-time**. ksqlDB combines the power of real-time stream processing with the approachable feel of a relational database through a familiar, lightweight SQL syntax. ksqlDB offers these core primitives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ksqlDB is a database for building stream processing applications on top of Apache Kafka. It is **distributed**, **scalable**, **reliable**, and **real-time**. ksqlDB combines the power of real-time stream processing with the approachable feel of a relational database through a familiar, lightweight SQL syntax. ksqlDB offers these core primitives:
```
```suggestion
ksqlDB is a database for building stream processing applications ontop of Apache Kafka. It is **distributed**, **scalable**, **reliable**, and **real-time**. ksqlDB combines the power of real-time stream processing with the approachable feel of a relational database through a familiar, lightweight SQL syntax. ksqlDB offers these core primitives:
```

Reviewer: Also, suggest line breaks at col 80.
